[TASK] Update and improve Classic mode installation chapters (#5612)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Administration/Installation/ClassicMode/TarballZip.rst

Prerequisites:

-   A web server such as **Apache** or **nginx**
-   A PHP version and required extensions supported by the TYPO3 version you
    plan to install. See `System requirements
    <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:system-requirements>`_.
-   A database such as MySQL or MariaDB
-   FTP access or web-based file manager (such as cPanel)
-   A web browser to run the installation wizard

..  _manual-archive-download:

Download the TYPO3 package
==========================

-   Go to https://get.typo3.org
-   Select the TYPO3 version you want to install
-   Download the `.zip` package to your computer (this is recommended for
    most users)
-   Alternatively, download the `.tar.gz` package if your hosting environment
    supports extracting `.tar.gz` archives

..  _manual-archive-upload-extract:

Upload and extract the package
==============================

-   Open your FTP program or web-based file manager
-   Create a folder on your webspace where you want to install TYPO3, for
    example :path:`/public_html/typo3site`
-   Upload the TYPO3 `.zip` file (for example :file:`typo3_src-13.4.y.zip`) directly

>     to this folder. If your server does not offer an option to extract files,

Reviewer: What should I do, IF I have all the required tools?

>     to this folder. If your server does not offer an option to extract files,

Author: ```suggestion
    to this folder and extract it using the tools provided by your servers  file manager. 
    
    If your server does not offer an option to extract files,
```

    see :ref:`manual-archive-alternative-upload`

> -   After extraction, ensure that files such as :file:`index.php`, :path:`typo3/`,

Reviewer: After `unzip typo3_src.zip` I get following result:
```
  ...
  inflating: typo3_src-13.4.11/vendor/webmozart/assert/src/InvalidArgumentException.php  
  inflating: typo3_src-13.4.11/vendor/webmozart/assert/src/Assert.php  
  inflating: typo3_src-13.4.11/SECURITY.md  
~/httpdocs/sftest  ls -l
total 34176
drwxr-xr-x 4 froemkenl psacln      240 May 14 13:54 typo3_src-13.4.11
-rw-r--r-- 1 froemkenl psacln 34994685 May 15 10:29 typo3_src.zip
```
So vendor, typo3 and index.php are not part of the example :path:`/public_html/typo3site`. They are within a further subfolder

> -   After extraction, ensure that files such as :file:`index.php`, :path:`typo3/`,

Author: ```suggestion
-   After extraction, move the files fromthat files such as :file:`index.php`, :path:`typo3/`,
```

-   Create a folder on your webspace where you want to install TYPO3, for
    example :path:`/public_html/typo3site`
-   Upload the TYPO3 `.zip` file (for example :file:`typo3_src-13.4.y.zip`) directly

>     to this folder and extract it using the tools provided by your servers  file manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to this folder and extract it using the tools provided by your servers file manager. 
```
